BUILD: a couple of cmake msvc compile fixes (#10799)
RPCS3/rpcs3: CMakeLists.txt

# TODO(cjj19970505@live.cn)
# Currently cmake config scripts are single-config generator only.
get_property(IS_MULTI_CONFIG GLOBAL PROPERTY GENERATOR_IS_MULTI_CONFIG)
if(IS_MULTI_CONFIG)
    message(FATAL_ERROR "Multi-config generators are not supported.")
endif()

if(NOT CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE)
    message(STATUS "No build type selected, default to Release")
    set(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE "Release")
endif()

if(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE MATCHES "Debug" AND NOT MSVC)
    add_definitions(-D_DEBUG)
endif()

if(MSVC)
    option(USE_MSVC_STATIC_CRT "Use static MSVC C runtime" OFF)

    # TODO(cjj19970505@live.cno)
    # DiscordRPC binary in 3rdparty is compiled /MT
    # So theoretically we should enable DiscordRPC in Release and static CRT build
    # since we might encounter some rumtime issues when more than one CRT version are presented.
    # https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/cpp/c-runtime-library/crt-library-features?view=msvc-160#what-problems-exist-if-an-application-uses-more-than-one-crt-version
    # Add other DiscordRPC binaries(compiled with /MTd, /MD, /MDd) or compile it from source may address this issue.
    if(NOT(CMAKE_BUILD_TYPE MATCHES "Release" AND USE_MSVC_STATIC_CRT))

>         set(USE_DISCORD_RPC OFF CACHE BOOL "Discrd RPC is only availiable in Relase and static CRT build." FORCE)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        set(USE_DISCORD_RPC OFF CACHE BOOL "Discord RPC is only available in Release and static CRT build." FORCE)
```
